How To Build A Search Engine For Reddit With JavaScript (#5961)
section-engineering-education/engineering-education: content/articles/search-engine-for-reddit-with-javascript/index.md

# How To Build A Search Engine For Reddit With JavaScript

### Introduction

> In this article, we would be looking at how to build a front-end application that uses the parcel-bundler and Reddit API. The aim of this application is a search engine that searches article content on Reddit, the search result can be limited between the ranges of 5 to 100 results, we can also sort the article by either relevance or date(latest).

Reviewer: consider changing this to:

```suggestion
In this article, we would be looking at how to build a front-end application that uses the parcel-bundler and Reddit API. 

This application should:
1. allow us to search article content on Reddit
2. allow us to limit the number of results between the ranges of 5 to 100 results
3. allow us to sort the results by either relevance or date(latest).
```
